Add permission check to cache documentation (#661)
sulu-io/sulu-docs: cookbook/user-context-caching.rst

    which helps you with creating login and registration forms. Additionally it
    helps you with creating opt-in emails and other tasks.

8. Activate Permission Check for pages (optional)

> If you want to activate that the content manager can manage which role can view
> a specific page you can activate this in the webspaces configuraiton by adding
> the `permission-check` to your security System:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to allow the content manager to restrict pages to specific roles, you
need to enable permission checks in your webspace configuration:
```
